Champions

Trainers:

1.Nakov
  Role: Master Trainer
  Race:
    Champion: Zed
    Description: the Master of Shadows
    Line: "Only the worthy will survive"
    Info:
    Nakov is the first ninja in 200 years to unlock the ancient, forbidden ways to fight on the field of dark web.
    He defied his SoftUni clan casting off the balance and discipline that had shackled him all his life.
    Nakov now offers power to those who embrace knowledge of programming, and slays those who cling to ignorance.




2.Nikolay Bankin
  Role: Trainer
  Race:
  Champion: Jax
  Description: Grandmaster at Arms
  Line: "Let's code this!"
  Info:
    It is seldom the case where a champion is defined by his actions after joining SoftUni rather than before.
    Such is the case with Bankin, for whom the argument could be made that he is the most prolific tournament fighter currently at the  Institute of Code War.
    Before joining SoftUni, Bankin was an unremarkable soldier-for-hire.
    For reasons known only to the League Master, Bankin was put on the top of the list of candidates to receive a League Judgment - the interview process that
    either accepts or rejects a prospective champion.
    His Judgment was the quickest in SoftUni history, where the Doors of Acceptance glowed and slowly swung open as soon as it began.
    Bankin proved himself to be an immediate terror in the Fields of Code Justice.



3.Kristian Pamidov
  Role: Trainer
  Race:
  Champion: Corki
  Description: the Daring Bombardier
  Line: Code from above!
  Info:

     Kristian, the Daring Bombardier, gained his title by test-piloting one of the Battlefields.
    Kristian is the most renowned for remaining cool under code fire and exhibiting bravery to the point of coders madness.
    Before SoftUni, he served several tours of duty to program, often volunteering for missions that would take him behind enemy lines,
    either gathering intelligence or delivering messages through hot zones. He thrived on danger, and enjoyed nothing more than a
    good coffee in the morning. More than just an ace pilot, Kristian also made several modifications to his computer, outfitting it with an arsenal
    of short cuts which some speculate were more for show than functionality.
    When Bankin joined SoftUni, it was no surprise to see Kristian follow soon after, eager to test his mettle
    against the best coders the world has to offer.



4.Maria Hristoforova
  Role: Trainer
  Race:
  Champion: Lux
  Description: the Lady of Luminosity
  Line: "Let's design it up!"
  Info:
    She grew up as the family's only daughter, and she immediately took to the advanced education and lavish parties required of families as high profile as the Code Fighters.
    As Maria matured, it became clear that she was extraordinarily gifted. She could design tricks that made people believe they had seen things that did not actually exist.
    She could also hide in plain sight. Somehow, she was able to reverse engineer arcane magical designs after seeing them made only once.

    As one of the youngest women to be tested by the Secret College of Coders, she was discovered to possess a unique abilities over the powers of web.
    The young Maria viewed this as a great gift, something for her to embrace and use in the name of good.
    Realizing her unique skills, SoftUni recruited and trained her in covert operations. She quickly became renowned for her daring achievements.



5.Ivan Yonkov
  Role: Trainer
  Race: PHP / Java ?
  Champion: Shen
  Description: the Eye of Code Light
  Line: "A demonstration of superior code skills."
  Info:
      Leader of a secret clan of mystic warriors, Yonkov serves as the Eye of CodeLight, entrusted to enforce balance in the world wide web.
      Longing to remain free from the confusion of emotion, Yonkov continually struggles width a spirit keyboard in hand, to code the unseen path in the deepest dark web.
    Within him exists an uneasy fusion of human soul and arcane power. He is seen by both sides as someone to be feared. He is immovable. He is constant.
    He answers to nothing but his purpose. He is the chosen leader of a web order.
    There are countless legends recounting Shen’s battles across the realms.
    Though Shen codes a lonely path on both this web and beyond, he does not always code alone.
    Other members of his hidden secret SoftUni society always stand ready to assist him.



6.Simeon Sheytanov
  Role: Trainer
  Race:
  Champion: Warwick
  Description: the Code Hunter
  Line: "Code runs... they all run."
  Info:
      Sheytanov was once a man revered for his ability to track down coders for the darkest types of technology research.
      When his ambitions exceeded his physical limits, he drank a dangerous C2H5OH elixir to transform himself into an unstoppable code monster.
      As his reputation grew, so did the demands placed upon him. His clients wanted more rare and dangerous software products, and they wanted them sooner.


NOT RDY
7.Bojidar Gevechanov
  Role: Trainer
  Race: C#
  Champion: Azir
  Description: the Emperor of the Sands
  Line: "Shurima! Your emperor has returned!"
  Info:
  Bojidar walked the gold-paved Emperor’s Way. The immense statues of Shurima’s earliest rulers – his ancestors – watched his progress.
  The soft, shadowy light of predawn seeped through his city. The brightest stars still shone overhead, though they would soon be snuffed out by the rising sun.
  The night sky was not as Azir remembered it; the stars and the constellations were misaligned. Millennia had passed.
  With every step, Azir’s heavy staff of office struck a lonely note, echoing through the capital’s empty streets.
  When last he had walked this path, an honor guard of 10,000 elite warriors had marched in his wake, and the cheers of the crowd had shaken the city.
  It was to have been his moment of glory – yet it had been stolen from him.
  Now, it was a city of ghosts. What had become of his people?
  With an imperious gesture, Azir commanded the sands beside the roadway to rise, creating living statues.
  This was a vision of the past, the echoes of Shurima given form.
  The sand figures looked forward, heads tilted toward the immense Sun Disk hanging above the Dais of Ascension half a league ahead.
  It hung there still, declaring the glory and power of Azir’s empire, though no one remained to see it.
  The daughter of Shurima who awakened him, she who bore his lineage, was gone. He sensed her out in the desert. Blood bound them together.




NOT RDY
8.Ivaylo Jelev
  Role: Trainer
  Race:
  Champion: Taric
  Description: the Shield of Valoran
  Line:   "That glimmer of hope you see, that's me."
  Info:
Taric is the Aspect of the Protector, wielding incredible power as Runeterra's guardian of life, love, and beauty.
Shamed by a dereliction of duty and exiled from his homeland Demacia, Taric ascended Mount Targon to find redemption, only to
discover a higher calling among the stars. Imbued with the might of ancient Targon, the Shield of Valoran now stands ever vigilant against
the insidious corruption of the Void.


NOT RDY
9.Ivan Ivanov
  Role: Trainer
  Race: Java
  Champion: Yasuo
  Description: the Unforgiven
  Line: "Death is like the wind - always by my side."
  Info:
  Yasuo is a man of resolve, an agile swordsman who wields the wind itself to cut down his foes.
  This once-proud warrior has been disgraced by a false accusation and forced into a desperate fight for survival.
  With the world turned against him, he will do everything in his power to bring the guilty to justice and restore his honor.

  Formerly a brilliant pupil at a renowned Ionian sword school, Yasuo was the only student in a generation to master the legendary wind technique.
  Many believed he was destined to become a great hero. However, his fate was changed forever when Noxus invaded. Yasuo was charged with guarding an Ionian Elder,
  but, foolishly believing his blade alone could make the difference, he left his post to join the fray. By the time he returned, the Elder had been slain.

  Disgraced, Yasuo willingly turned himself in, prepared to pay for his failure with his life. He was shocked,
  however, to find himself accused not just of dereliction, but of the murder itself. Though confused and racked with guilt, he knew the assassin would go
  unpunished if he did not act. Yasuo raised his sword against the school and fought his way free, knowing his treason would turn all of Ionia against him.
  Left truly alone for the first time in his life, he set out to find the Elder's real killer.


NOT RDY
10.Viktor Kostadinov
   Role: Trainer
   Race: JavaScript
   Champion: Viktor
   Description: the Machine Herald
   Line:  "Join the glorious evolution."
   Info:
   Early in life, Viktor discovered his passion for computer science and tech invention, particularly in the field of mechanical automation.
   He attended Zaun's prestigious College of Techmaturgy and led the team that constructed Blitzcrank - a scientific breakthrough that he expected to
   vault him to the top of his profession. Unfortunately his triumph was usurped by Professor Stanwick,
   who stole credit for developing Blitzcrank's sentience and later used Viktor's research to revive Urgot.
   Viktor's appeals for justice fell on deaf ears, and he sank into a deep depression.
   He withdrew from the College and barricaded himself in his private laboratory, cutting all human ties.
   There, in secret, he conceived a project for which nobody else could claim credit.
   Desiring both to revolutionize his field and to eliminate the jealous human emotions which festered inside him, he engineered parts to replace and improve his own body.







NOT RDY
11.Ivaylo Kenov
   Role: Trainer
   Race: JavaScript
   Champion: Zilean
   Description: the Chronokeeper
   Line: "I knew you would code that... "
   Info:
   In the wastelands of Urtistan, there was once a great city. It perished long ago in a terrible Rune War, like most of the lands below the Great Barrier.
   Nevertheless, one man survived: a sorcerer named Zilean. Being obsessed with time, it was only fitting that he dwelled in the city's Clock Tower.
   As the havoc of the war neared his home, Zilean experimented with powerful temporal magic to divine all possible futures, hoping to discover a peaceful solution.
   But Zilean's enchantments affected his perception of the passage of time, and he was in a contemplative stasis when Urtistan was set upon by an entire phalanx
   of dark summoner-knights of unknown affiliation. By the time he realized his error, Urtistan was nothing more than smoldering debris. The summoners who were
   responsible for its destruction had wisely left the Clock Tower unharmed, both to avoid drawing Zilean's attention and to torment him for his oversight.

Zilean barely had time to grieve the momentous loss before he learned that his dangerous research had a cruel side effect: chrono-displasia.
This mystical disease granted him immortality, but detached his consciousness from its anchor in the present time. He now mentally drifts through time,
from any point he has already lived to the present, unable to impact the events which unfold. The most torturous aspect of this curse is that Zilean
sometimes experiences Urtistan as it once was and the rest of the time resides in its lonely ruins. Only the powerful summoning magic employed by members of the
League of Legends has been able to treat this condition, and Zilean has joined in hopes of finding a cure, and thereafter a way to save his people.



NOT RDY
12.Angel Georgiev
   Role: Trainer
   Race:
   Champion: Twisted Fate
   Description: the Card Master
   Line: "Lady luck is smilin'."
   Info:
   Twisted Fate, the Card Master“It's not gambling if you can't lose...”
Twisted Fate is an infamous card sharp and swindler who has gambled and charmed his way across much of the known world,
earning the enmity and admiration of the rich and foolish alike. He rarely takes things seriously, greeting each day with a mocking smile and an insouciant swagger.
In every possible way, Twisted Fate always has an ace up his sleeve.
Born to the nomadic river-folk of the Serpentine, the boy was taught the magic of the cards at an early age and soon learned what it was to be hated.
Tolerated for the exotic goods they peddled, but shunned for their strange ways, the boy's people found only short welcomes wherever they berthed their
colorful river barques. His elders claimed this was the way of the world, but their refusal to fight back against this prejudice always rankled the young boy's sensibilities.

When men who'd lost their fortunes in the gambling tents of the river folk returned in the dead of night to exact vengeance,
they came bearing cudgels and emboldened by cheap rotgut. They beat the river folk back to their boats with curses and blows,
eventually turning their weapons upon the boy's family. The boy could take no more and fought back, driving the men away with swift blows from their own clubs.
Proud of what he had done, the boy was stunned when his people turned their back on him. Retaliation went against the code of the river,
and there could be only one punishment. Exile. His whole world falling apart around him, the boy watched helplessly as the barques of his
folk sailed away without him, leaving him with nothing, alone for the first time in his life.



NOT RDY
13.Alisa Terzieva
   Role: Trainer
   Race: JavaScript
   Champion: Ashe
   Description: the Frost Archer
   Line: "All the world on one arrow."
   Info:
   With each arrow she fires from her ancient ice-enchanted bow, Ashe proves she is a master archer.
   She chooses each target carefully, waits for the right moment, and then strikes with power and precision.
   It is with this same vision and focus that she pursues her goal of uniting the tribes of the Freljord and forging them into a mighty nation.

   As a child, Ashe was always a dreamer. She marveled at the colossal, abandoned fortresses of her ancestors,
   and spent hours by the fire listening to tales of the Freljord's fabled champions. Most of all she loved the legend of Avarosa,
   the renowned Queen of the once magnificent and united Freljord. Though her mother chided her foolishness,
   Ashe swore one day she would join the scattered and warlike tribes of the tundra. She knew in her heart that if her people would stand
   together once more, they would reach greatness again.

   When Ashe was only fifteen, her mother was killed while commanding the tribe on a brash raid.
   Suddenly thrust into the role of leader, Ashe made the difficult decision to follow her childhood vision instead of seeking
   the revenge she craved. She spoke passionately against her tribe's demand for retribution, declaring the time had come to put
   blood feuds aside and broker a lasting peace. Some of her warriors questioned her fitness to rule and soon hatched a treasonous plot to kill the young leader.



14.Simona Simeonova
   Role: Trainer
   Race: Java
   Champion: Morgana
   Description: Fallen Angel
   Line: "We'll bring them pain."
   Info:
    There is a world far away populated by graceful and beautiful winged beings gifted with immortality, where an ancient conflict still rages.
    Like so many code conflicts, this war split worlds.
    One side proclaimed themselves as beings of perfect order and justice, fighting to unite the world wide web under their law and strong central governance.
    Those that fought against them saw their kin as tyrants, creatures incapable of seeing the larger view, who would sacrifice individuality and freedom for the illusion of efficiency and safety.
    Simona was one who fought against what she perceived as the tyranny of her kind, and for that she was branded ''fallen.''
    Simona was not innocent, having plumbed forgotten ways to gather forbidden might to become a powerful mistress of the black web arts.
    This goal was driven by her obsession to defeat the general of the opposition's army.






Students:

15.Gabriela Ivanova
   Role: Student
   Race: PHP
   Champion: Caitlyn
   Description: the Sheriff of CodeVill
   Line: "I'm on the case."
   Info:
   ''Go ahead, run. I'll give you a five minute head start.''
   One of the reasons CodeVill is known as the City of Progress is because it has an extraordinarily high code rate.
   This hasn't always been the case; brigands and thieves of all sorts used to find the city-state an ideal mark for plunder,
   primarily due to the valuable resources it imports to fuel its techmaturgical research.
   Born the daughter of a wealthy statesman and a pioneering hextech researcher, Gabriela discovered her natural gift for coding at age of 14.
    At first, her parents did their best to discourage her from such risky hobbies, but she was incorrigible.

   Gabriela quickly gained notoriety.
   She never backed down from a case or a challenge, and she was one of the sharpest shots in CodeVill. Her services were soon requested by
   SoftUni to help track down a mysterious outlaw who had begun committing high-profile heists.


NOT RDY
16. Boryana Baeva
    Role: Student
    Race: PHP
    Champion: Miss Fortune
    Description: the Bounty Hunter
    Line: "Fortune doesn't favor fools."
    Info:
    Beauty and danger: There are few who can match Miss Fortune in either.
    One of SoftUni's most infamous code hunters, she built her legend code skills upon a swathe of high-tech computers.
    The booming echoes of her twin keyboards in the port city’s reeking wharfs and scavenger shanties are sure signs of another warrant from the Bounty Board being settled.

    Young Boryana helped her mother in the forge, filing wheel locks, calibrating trigger pulls, or casting custom pistol shot.
    Her mother’s skill in crafting firearms was legendary, and her bespoke handguns were to be found in the collections of many a wealthy noble.
    But ofttimes, they were desired by those with more meager means and darker hearts.
    One who desired such a weapon was an up-and-coming reaver of Bilgewater called Gangplank.
    Cocksure and certain of his power, he demanded Sarah’s mother fashion a pair of pistols the likes of which no other man possessed.
    A reluctant deal was struck, and a year later to the day, Gangplank returned for his weapons. He had donned a red scarf face-mask and had no
    intention of paying for the guns – he was there to take them by force.
