Main page
-	Getting started
            Getting Started in the amazing SoftUni Journey
            A lot goes into a successful battle on the Fields of Code Legends. In the new player guide, you’ll learn how to control your code skills and fight on the battlefield. When you’re ready, you’ll enter the fray in your first game of competitive Code Legends.
            Enter Button
-	Game Modes


What is League of SoftUni Legends?
Welcome. Here you'll find all the basic information you need to get your system set up and hit the Fields of Code Justice. League of SoftUni Legends is a, competitive platform for Coders. Few teams of powerful champions, each with a unique design and playstyle, battle head-to-head across multiple high-tech battlefields.
Details:
Battle Keyboard-to-Keyboard
Combine strategic thinking, lightning reflexes and coordinated team-play to crush your enemies.
Compete Your Way
You can either enjoy a code battle against others or climb the ranks of the league system.
Fight with honor
Compete with honor and receive special commendations from your peers to reward your good sportsmanship

Become a Coder
Here you can learn more about the different coders in the amazing League of SoftUni Legends.



Battlefields page

SoftUni offers a number of different maps for you to conquer.


Open Source - first room
This room remains the battleground of choice for the majority of coders. One hundred champions solving different problems battle across code field.
An extended laning phase and large-scale team fights are characteristic of this battlefield.

Inspiration - second room
The second Field of Justice added to SoftUni,  features new different floors to compete on.
Coders begin the competition with higher starting points, sparking fast engagements and frequent team works.


Code Ground - third room
Inspired by the popular community of programmers, the Code Ground features huge space for the champions battle.
The room provides no additional help from the trainers during the code fight.
This pushes the room toward aggressive, high-intensity coding centered on battlefield.



Races page

4 main races:
- C#
- Java
- PHP
- JavaScript

Front-end/Backend


Champions
